+ user registration page 
    - routing for students and tutors

+ default page = show all tutors

+ Tutors and students will submit their profile pages data during the registration process. Details will include name, nickname, profile image, address, bio, and availability. This data will be editable if the user is the owner of the profile page.
Students will be able to find a tutor via a search, and criteria will include address, subject and grade level. 
Students will be able to message tutors and tutors will be able to respond. Conversations with parent (original) and child (response) messages will be shown in list form on a “messages” page. Messaging will be similar to what we have covered in the “Network” project. For tutors and students, if a message exists that has not been read, a notification icon will appear in the navbar.
Students will be able to “like” and “unlike” a tutor. Liked tutors will be displayed in list form on a separate page with the option to message the tutors or check their availability by visiting their profile.

Navbar:
    + Login / Register / Account
        + Profile
        + Messages
    + Bell notification if message or reply not read

TEMPLATES:
    + Tutors list
        + show all 
        + show Liked
        + show in vicinity
        + search results (criteria: location, subject, grade, name (first, last, nickname))

    + Profile page
        + Tutors
            First, Lastly
            Nickname
            (DOB)
            Address
            Phone
            Email
            Website
            Availability
            Profile Image
            Credentials?
            (Venues):
                Tutor's home
                Student's home
                Learning Center
                Cafe
                Virtual
                (Choose a location)



        + Students 
            Nickname
            First, Lastly
            (DOB) 
                If < 18, hide name, address, contact
            Bio
            Address
            Phone
            Email
            Website
            Profile Image / Avatar

    + Messages page
        + Display messages in rev chrono order
        + Row color == read or not

Good Outcome:
A registration page and routing for students to a default search results page showing teachers in their neighborhood.
Tutors and students will submit their profile pages data during the registration process. Details will include name, nickname, profile image, address, bio, and availability. This data will be editable if the user is the owner of the profile page.
Students will be able to find a tutor via a search, and criteria will include address, subject and grade level. 
Students will be able to message tutors and tutors will be able to respond. Conversations with parent (original) and child (response) messages will be shown in list form on a “messages” page. Messaging will be similar to what we have covered in the “Network” project. For tutors and students, if a message exists that has not been read, a notification icon will appear in the navbar.
Students will be able to “like” and “unlike” a tutor. Liked tutors will be displayed in list form on a separate page with the option to message the tutors or check their availability by visiting their profile.



Better Outcome: 
In addition to the “good” outcomes, I would like to implement either the Google Maps or Mapbox API for location proximity searching. 

Search criteria will also include the lesson venue - tutors and students will provide lesson preferences that the application will use in the matching process. Lesson venues can include a learning center, a café, student’s home, tutor’s home, virtual, etc.



Best Outcome:
In addition to the "better" outcomes, I would like to include a booking system and a learning / teaching platform. 

The platform will include:
•	Digital “stickers” that would be displayed when tutors wish to reward students.
•	A customizable soundboard for teacher – student interactions during lessons. Default sounds will indicate success, try again, etc. 
•	Customizable timers to alert teachers and students about the remaining time in the lesson.

A Tutor’s availability will be reflected in the booking system’s available slots. These slots will become greyed out (unavailable) when booked or when a teacher has made that time period unavailable.

Teacher and student profiles will display lessons completed, lessons remaining and upcoming lessons.

Lastly, for the comfort of both parties, I would like to provide the option for switching between light & dark UI display modes.
